1.
    Change it so that when using CTRL+(UP/DOWN) it stops at indent diffs.

    NOTES:
        This is almost perfect and as i want to have it.  I implemented alot of 'rules' that makes coding
        better(at least for me) for example it stops at indent changes only when not empty line as well as
        stopping at start and end brackets for 'c/c++' I.E. '{', '}'.  As well as make it more friendly
        for coding as it puts the cursor in the correct indent when jumping into a bracket`ed area.
    STATUS:
        DONE!!!.
2.
    Make 'prev_word' stop at eol if done from start of next line.  Also make it more intuative to use.

    NOTES:
        I dont know how i want this to behave yet so i will probebly change this.
    STATUS:
        KINDA DONE!!.
3.
    Fix both next_word and prev_word so that cut_next_word and cut_prev_word works properly.
    
    NOTES:
        This mostly works like in 'vs-code' right now, I will need to conduct more test`s to find sinarios
        where it missbehaves, I have`t yet found any places where it directly missbehaves thoue it just need`s
        more rules to behave exactly the way I want in all case`s.
    STATUS:
        KINDA DONE!!.
4.
    Make it so that when text is marked and '/" is pressed it 'text'/"text". 
    
    NOTES:
        I also added so that '{', '[' and '(' puts closing brackets around marked region.
        I.E.  '{text}', '[text]' and '(text)'.  @see @file 'cpp.cpp' @func 'enclose_marked_region'. 
    STATUS:
        DONE!!.
5.
    Make 'to_next_block' and 'to_prev_block' stop at '//' comments top and bottom.

    NOTES:
        It currently stops at top when going up and bottom when going down.
        I dont yet know if i want to change it.
    STATUS:
        ALMOST DONE!!!!.
6.
    Implement a way to close and open brackets (will probebly be very HARD!!!).

    Notes:
        The main problem I`m having is that I can find and then not render the line`s I want when the
        key shortcut is pressed but i can`t just skip them(for now), because the line`s is a linked list.
        This makes it kinda hard to make them dissepare whithout weird side effects.  I will try to create
        a new way to render the lines before I continue with this, as I see no viable way to make more
        and more complex fetures when I have to change basicaly all the func`s that use the line`s just to
        avoid weird artifacts.  So if i can make a more selecteble rendering system, I will be able easily
        just not render the lines that should be 'hidden'.  Furthermore I have thought of other ways of
        doing this by for example, making a 'subfile' where the full text is and a second one that is
        'display`d' to the user, this way i can 'cut' the bracket out when it is supposed to be close`d
        then just add it in if it alrady is close`d when the shortcut is pressed.  Althoue this presents
        yet another issue, I will have to always keep track of both files witch will be alot easier to
        currupt or not save properly, what I mean by that is that this will make the user think they lost
        text if we crash before we sync the files.  This also adds alot of complexety witch will be hard
        to deal with down the line as it will need to be accaunted for when makeing or changing basicaly
        anything.
    FUNC`S OF INTREST:
        'edit_refresh'
        'draw_row'
    STATUS:
        NOT DONE.
7.
    Implement live syntax.
    
    NOTES:
        I just need to make a system to save types and structs of function calls
        and such for help and error checking, also make the syntax highlighting of func
        params local to function only and not global.

        This has now been done and works very well.  The system i have created is very efficient at parsing words
        to highlight, the only this i need to fix before i make the system mush more complex is a way to make the
        applying of them to each line way faster and to make it way smarter in the sense that it remembers the
        entire file`s syntax so that it only updates when something changes instead of how it is now where only
        line`s in the edit window I.E. the line`s currently display`d to the user are 'saved', right now it rechecks
        all line`s that become visable every time the user scrolls making it unessesarely slow.  All this is needed
        to activate recursive header parsing when parsing headers again.  Because like I said my system is extreamly
        efficient and can parse 903840 lines/second.  The Problem is the constant need to recheck a masive amount of
        compiled regexes on every line that comes into view.  I think I will need to make it do the syntax once then
        not at all while moving as this would make the time it takes virtualy meningless as i will be able to offload
        to another thread if i want the text to appere instantly then the syntax when it is done.  If I also improve
        the time it takes to check a line by using more clever stuff to exclude more then check I will probebly be
        able to resolve this issue without changing the way the lines are rechecked, the problem is that i think the
        linked list of compiled regexes get exponatialy more shit as I have to go thrue a longer and longer list as
        I make it more complex with more syntax.
    STATUS:
        ALMOST DONE!!.
8.
    Make 'ctrl+backspace' chop prev word, like most modern editors like 'vs-code'.

    NOTES:
        I had to add a check for term so i would know if currently running in xterm, as xterm uses unique codes.
        Atleast now i have added a global way to check the current env var 'term', it is init at the start of NanoX.
        I also kinda dont like the system in place to determen what keys where pressed as it makes codes that are
        destinct come out the same making me think that it was not possible to check if 'ctrl' was heal when pressing
        'backspace', as when debugging i would get the same code no matter what.  I finaly found out how the system
        retrives the raw hex codes from the term so i have now started to make checks here to determen what exact key
        is pressed.  I honestly find it weird why you would want a system where not all key`s and mod keys held, as
        this allows for total control as well as what i just created.  A way to delete prev word with 'ctrl+backspace',
        this is the norm in most other modern editors.
    STATUS:
        DONE!!.
9.
    Make it possible to move one line up and down holding 'alt'.

    NOTES:
        This was quite easy to get to work, the harder(not really that hard) part was to make undoing and
        redoing work correctly.  After I worked that out it now works exactly the same as in 'vs-code'
        when moving one line up and down.  I`m very happy with how it works.  I just need to figure out
        how to make selected text stay selected after the line has been moved, after that it`s complete.
    STATUS:
        DONE!!.
10.
    Make it possible to move all selected lines up and down one line.

    NOTES:
        I can successfully do this now but I cannot manage to return the selection of the text once complete, I think
        this stems from the fact that I`m using my function to move one line to move the line above the selected text
        to the last line of the selection and vise versa.  This is a problem because I cannot currently keep the
        selection when just moving one line making it hard to understand why it wont just work if i save then restore
        the mark and current pos after we are done.  I think i need to make the this possible when moving just one line
        then this will be fixed, and if not I will have lerned how it works better.
    STATUS:
        NOT DONE.
11.
    Make auto bracket placement and proper indent if enter is pressed between '{}',
    LIKE THIS:
        {
            (cursor here)
        }
    INSTEAD OF THIS:
        {
        (cursor here)}

    NOTES:
        Was not that hard i just have to decide how i want the undo to work, in one go or two meaning
        undo the indent then separating or just return directly in one go.  I also added a check where
        it indents one if pressing enter when 'prev char' == '{' and 'next char' != '}'.
    STATUS:
        DONE!!.